Post Payment Screen Attachment: After completing checkout, the screen is odd; it does not return to Locallist365. I did receive an email from Link stating my bank account was added to local list 365, but my account did not upgrade to gold. It never asked me for a card number or bank information, somehow it already had my bank info. Maybe I used a a link account previously somewhere else. I think there is a disconnect within the payment process.  I hope my account isn't charged $200 three times in a month. Not sure how to cancel those charge attempts or how a business would cancel? lol

FAQ Typo Attachment:  About adding photos to my listing. It states Bronze allows a cover image.  Bronze receives no images.

Business Details Listing Attachment:  I created an account for Goat Locker Printing. When I click on the business details in the directory the website hyperlink does not work and the social media information I entered does not appear.  It also states my business is partially verified and hasn't provided proof of insurance.  I did not select the insured badge.  Also, to select the veteran badge it asks you to upload a DD-214 or ID.  To my knowledge it's illegal to make a copy of an ID.  I think the badge options shouldn't include a verifying option.  In the terms etc it clearly state that the business is responsible for its badges, and customers must conduct their own research. I do not see an option to edit the category or description for my listing.   Essentially, once I create a business listing I don't have options to change the phone number, operating hours or anything.  It's pretty locked up from initial creation.

Business Details Listing Attachment II: It also states the location as Currituck, NC for my business details.

Membership Attachment:  I have tried upgrading my account to gold 3 times and submitted payment with the code.  however, my dashboard still states I have no membership.

Register and Sign in Attachment:  I like how Sign In has two tabs under it: Customer / Business Owner.  Can we create one tab next to Sign In that says register and then below it there is Customer / Business Owner?

Advertisement Carousel Attachment.  On desktop the large and medium sizes are proportional.  The small ones are too small and don't line up with the height of the two mediums.

Lastly, is it possible to put "Dashboard" next to "For Business" at the top?  I think the Dashboard will be the most used tab, especially for businesses, and it should be easily located.  I noticed you added it to the top in a little gear drop down.
